Akash Network - Zealy Working Group (WG) 

Agenda
- Mission prize rebalance
- Extra funding 
- Campaign stats 
- Social Media outreach and posts

Meeting Details
Date: Monday, December 18, 2023
Time: 6:00 AM PT (Pacific Time)
Recording https://drive.google.com/file/d/18UUcMaziOlI0VsYI1juMIdyhMEKJDvc2/view?usp=sharing
Transcript https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K4n7XVgGpt76KTWLhFzecSEhohdP2MOM6BM1pA2mItU/edit?usp=sharing

Attendees
Benjamin B, Joe Deng, Robert Del Rey, Rodrigo Rochin
Transcript
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
Robert Del Rey: Today, we're gonna talk a few updates about Now that the campaign is life proposal to 247 live on Shane a little over a week ago and it has on the 28th. I believe it was not the 29th. I believe it was Wednesday Thursday. I don't remember but the proposal pass and now we're officially have to make this happen. Today's call is gonna be short and sweet unless you guys have more things to discuss. I have the agenda for today, which we're cover prices rebalancing. We're gonna specify some requirements on the missions due to some questions we had over the weekend.
Robert Del Rey: Also, we're get deer Piper is gonna go over the numbers that we have so far how many people have done missions and some other stats if possible? and also I'm going to talk about the Outreach campaign and social media posts for the silly a cash developer onboarding initiatives and more So that's my agenda guys, unless you want to add another topic to the agenda. Let me know.
Robert Del Rey: otherwise I just Jump Right In. So the price rebalancing, it's crazy. I don't like to talk about price but it's no secret but a cash is super pumping and the math we did with the prices.
Robert Del Rey: The math we did with the prices has to change because we got a limited amount of funds. to give as prices so during the weekend Benjamin I discussed that it would be if we rebalance the prices. So we have more prices to give out to people.
Robert Del Rey: The rebalancing didn't affect all the missions. It was Some missions estate with the prices they had because for those missions for example the content creation missions. We want to get Only the Best winner. We're open to all the submissions, but we're specifically looking forward to get the best submissions why those prices are higher for example they create a short style. What is a cash video? That mission alone gives you 50 akt. I haven't seen the price lately, but if you multiply it by four. Those are $200 for a one-minute video. So we are definitely looking for of the best video here.
Robert Del Rey: the missions that we did rebalance our missions to build deploy stuff on a cache. and those went down from 15 akt to five akt and that rebalance is gonna help us to give more rewards to people because we are really interested to get more developers doing these missions. I don't know If you want to add something more to the mission rebalancing and I see your hand. So there you go, man.
Benjamin B: Yeah, thank I just wanted to mention here that we have a total of around 1900 akt for rewards for the full three months and when we divided this by 15, we noticed that we would only have a maximum of 126 users if the users all completed this challenge. When we have the goal to have at least 250 unique users. And up towards a thousand. We thought that we have to change this and even decreasing it to 580 is still quite a lot for such a simple challenge.
Benjamin B: And everyone who did the challenge the first couple of days before the price change will still receive the 1580, but everyone completing it from after the price change will not receive the 15 They will receive five instead. We calculated that.
Benjamin B: If we want a thousand users the average Mission needs to cost 1.9 akt and while this one costs. 580 we're hoping that we can have some users completing free missions and some users completing a paid once and we're still trying to balance it out and Our goal is to at least hit 250 users and then we can't really know how many missions each user Will want to complete we're not going to put any limit On how many missions each user completes right now? that would The Fairly make it possible to limit it to
00:05:00
Benjamin B: to make it per user but I don't think that's a good way of doing it. I think rather let's just try to aim for at least 250 and a maximum of maybe 500 to 1,000 paid once.
Robert Del Rey: Sure, that sounds cool And also we got to remember that these campaign has started Last Friday, so if we don't count the weekend it basically been running for only one day. So I guess As we progress and we see more people doing the missions. we will be able To determine the correct amounts and also obviously each time we make important changes like this. We're gonna let people know in the Disco group and also on speaking of social media. so this account called a cash Alpha and the guy is tweeting about this campaign.
Robert Del Rey: I will go ahead and say this. If you are a member of the Akash community and you want to help us get more people doing this. Feel free to do so what I would advise you is don't promise people rewards just lead them to the campaigns.
Robert Del Rey: perhaps he is I don't know but if you are Joe great job for doing that. It's a really solid Twitter page. So maybe we can discuss more ways to work together. And in appreciate the effort in trying to make more people do this. So maybe we can have something I'm thinking is that and this is related to the topic. For the social media outreach and the social media campaigns maybe by the end of the first month. We can have a Twitter spaces so we can have more updates we can have more results to share with people and that way we can all go ahead and incentivize or motivate more people to join and do the missions. But yeah. that's all I have for the price rebalancing. Hi Brody. Thank you for joining men and Joe or Joey.
Robert Del Rey: I'm gonna stick to Joe. I don't know if that's the correct way. But you had a question go ahead sir jump in.
Joe Deng: All Yeah to Joe's fine. so it's not a question as much as yeah, I think you misunderstood what I was trying to do. I was just trying to because I have my own budget that I want to go to page with right. So I will promote that separately. Does that make sense? So even for this one like I have two questions, right? The one you said is if you want to help bring more people to the campaign, feel free. but I have a question and I had that question of private too. It's because my guy that I'm making right it's basically like, how do I explain it as a non-programmer i bumbled my way through finishing the task, So I've written this guy to help basically other people to do that right without doing it the way that I did the long way. So by doing this and my poisoning the am I adding non-developers into the pool of which you're trying to Target only Developers for this really campaign. Do you understand what I'm saying? So the effort is the objective to grow the numbers and say hey I have a lot
Joe Deng: Of people doing it, which I will help towards or is it more like I specifically want developers to do it and I don't really want, normal retail investors, which is my target market for the Twitter page, we don't want them to do it. Does that make sense?
Robert Del Rey: Yeah those but before I go Benji. What you want to say, man?
Benjamin B: Yeah, I wanted to respond to this question. I think that it's valuable to have a bit of all types of users to join. This silic campaign. I think that it's really valuable to be able to educate users that you can do this with a course. Maybe they're not gonna continue learning development programming. Maybe they're gonna stop but at least they know about it. Maybe some users want to start learning how to deploy their own stuff. maybe it's simple as someone follows one of these guides and then they want to deploy our Minecraft server. with their friends. For example, I think that even if the user is not a developer from the beginning and even if they don't want to become a developer, I think it's still very valuable to include those users. So don't work here.
00:10:00
Robert Del Rey: No, not at all men. Thanks for stepping in. I appreciate a lot. I wish more community members step in honestly. So yeah, maybe we can chat in the same silly chat and we can coordinate more actions together because I do believe that if we're gonna do this in you want to help us and we want to make this a success the least we can do is try to work together so we can create even more impact. So in case you have any questions doubts concerns, or maybe Sure about how to go about certain things. Yeah, just let us know. We are more than happy to collaborate with community members because
Robert Del Rey: This is a community campaign. I mean Benjamin I came together. We expose the benefits the downsides of this campaign and their cash team supported us, so The way I see you helping us. It's not very different on how we were a few months ago. And we are still trying to get involved in the community try to help as much as we can. So you get the right attitude man, and again appreciate your effort. So that's all I had for the mission rebalancing. I don't know Benji if all of them are rebalance. Or if you're still need more time to do that. But yeah, that's the missionary balance.
Benjamin B: the only one that I balance now and change the price of it's the free stuff deployment guide. I also went to the short Mission and Made sure that it specified that we will depict. One winner Instead of having it to be a guaranteed price as long as it fits the requirements besides this.
Robert Del Rey: awesome
Benjamin B: I don't think I've done anything. I think we still need to go through the description. So some of the missions Maybe
Robert Del Rey: That's cool No worries in that same line. I want to jump now to the mainnet mission and a test net mission. and the reason why I saw this question on Telegram should I do this on testnet or should I do this on mainnet? And I believe we had the same questions when we run the pilot. So I'm gonna drop this suggestion and maybe you can let me know what you think and you guys in the audience as well. Maybe it doesn't matter if they do them on mainnet or if they do them on testnet. But if they do it on testnet, they won't get the equity reward. And the reason why study because we want this development to happen on mainnet. So that's what let me know what you think man you.
Benjamin B: Yeah, I think we should give the rewards even if it's on Tesla because if you're trying to onboard new users, either you're going to have to reward them to have them have their first ATT or they have to buy it and I think if they can go to Celia and they can get rewarded with their first take it. I don't think that's about idea. I think that for some missions we can force it being a may not but other than that, I think And we shouldn't make it.
Robert Del Rey: Restrict the participanya, I believe now that you said that this way if we have that requirement, some people might feel restricted and not Missions at all. So we want them to do the missions Maybe we can have a comment, but sorry Joe just one second. Because I lost my thought really quickly Maybe what we can do is have a Disclosure by the end of this Mission saying this Mission can be done either on a cache maintenance or on a cash test net. So people can see that and they want that we require them to be specifically on mainnet.
00:15:00
Robert Del Rey: We can also specify that by the end of the description in the mission or in the same title. we can have them saying something like but I believe if we add them in the mission description this Mission can be done either on testnet or mainnet and the ones that are meant to be on maintenance. They have to specify that one that I think we have to specify has to be May on maintenance. should be the deploy persistent storage and become a provider on a cash Network. I believe that that would make sense now go ahead Joe.
Joe Deng: I was just gonna say that I was really confused. When I got to that point. I thought that it was testing that because you guys have the faucet in the beginning but then for whatever reason I personally couldn't get the cloud most deployed. I know how to switch to the testnet but for something I couldn't get a certificate it was really odd thing. But either way yeah, I was making a guide I was making a requirements and this could kind of weird it's a dude this guide you need to have five point like one akt to pay for gas, to start it seemed kind of weird. So I do agree that testnet is available then completely free that might work but on the flip side, I thought of it you pay five akt into escrow and they're gonna give you five akt back, and then you go ahead and cancel your deployment whenever you get that money, So that was the way I thought of it So either way anyway at the end. I just agreed that having the description.
Joe Deng: A requirement description is definitely the way to go.
Robert Del Rey: Awesome, and thanks for the insights. Let me go back to the first mission. The one that says get access to build on a cash missions. That's the only one that has their cash test net for set and get akt testnet tokens. Do you believe that could confuse people?
Robert Del Rey: Yeah.
Robert Del Rey: Thanks, I appreciate it. By the way. There is a discussion on a cash GitHub to rebalance that amount those five akt probably they wanted to go to lower it down to 0.5. Akt. Let's see how that goes. But Thanks for sharing the Insight now, I believe. Yeah, it should be solved if we are specify feel free to play on testnet. And use the testnet token. Here's the faucet and maybe lower we can add something like Now if you're gonna do this on mainnet don't use the testnet file set because it's not gonna work or something like that that specifies the way to go because I'm in the same place as you Joe if I enter here and I see enter to the testnet for set and get akt.
Robert Del Rey: And then I see that I don't even need that but worse it doesn't work when I try to do the real missions. I don't know this should be here in the first line of this Mission, it can be confusing. Maybe if you read a few more minutes, you're gonna understand yourself okay, that it's for playing main it is real real stuff. But I don't want people to get confused for this because this is this is just a little detail, but
Robert Del Rey: you don't know think how people gonna react and we do want people to jump into this find it easy and they can start doing missions as soon as possible without that friction. And I believe that can cause a little friction not that much but it can cost a little friction. So something to think about for sure. What's up Benji?
00:20:00
Robert Del Rey: Okay, I'm here to myself before speaking. All right, that sounds cool. I will leave a little note so we can get that done as soon as this call is done. now bendy, I'm gonna go rest a little so you can give us some numbers updates. I'm curious to know how many missions we got so far users. Whatever number you want to share with us. Feel free to share it. All right.
Benjamin B: Yeah, Thank you. so to start off there was one thing we wanted to let down the see when we wanted to track new developers to a coach and we wanted to see How many doc reviews? Joined down the participated in the city program. And right now we have some really exciting numbers. We have a total number of 17 Docker users who has done the information on Out of these 13 or newly registered. So 13 people are here with new accounts or it's the first time. using docker four of these users to remaining for or inactive users that have become active with this campaign.
Benjamin B: and out of these 17 nine people have successfully uploaded our documents related to a coach not everyone has a submitted this yet To Sealy so only six as cut into price so far, but nine has successfully done it. and besides this we have let me see a total of 50 participants on Sealy during the Sprint. I don't know how many we have all time. But now it's up to 131.
Benjamin B: and besides this we only have six missions completed that have prices there are 22 ones to go through but there are a lot of
Benjamin B: a lot of the ones related to the ones where only one winner will be picked or a couple winners will repeat such as AI image one I think that's it for the numbers.
Robert Del Rey: This great That's great. Not bad for the first week. In my opinion. I'm looking at the least of the leaderboard also for This Sprint is going to be for the whole month of March from March 1st until March 31st. So you're gonna have one full month to do all the missions that you can. Before we close this screen and we paid the rewards for On the second month we're gonna open up more missions for those listening now and those listening to the recording what you see here is not all.
Robert Del Rey: There are more missions. If you want to see the name of the missions, you can find them in the proposal. However, those missions are not available to do yet when we are on the second month another batch of missions is gonna open up. And when we go to the third month another batch of missions is gonna open up so you can do missions for the first month and get rewards you can do missions on the second month and get rewards you can do missions on the third month and get Rewards. Or you can just do one mission for one month and that's it. But we want you to do all the missions that you can.
Robert Del Rey: I was saying not all the missions are available. So what you see now is what you can do. If you don't see the mission, it's because you cannot do it. It's because it's not public yet. But again, if you want to see what the missions look like or what they are about you can go to the proposal to 47 and you can see the name of the mission and maybe with that name you can start thinking about how you're gonna do it if you want to do it, of course. But Really nice Thanks for sharing the numbers Benji the next silly working group call. I believe it's gonna happen in two weeks. It happens. Every other week if I'm not mistaken.
00:25:00
Robert Del Rey: Yeah, I said in my calendar. So next call is gonna be on Monday 18th. Let's see how the numbers are gonna look like by then, but I'm pretty stoked to see almost 50 people in the leaderboard In around almost 20 submissions. I guess we're in the right pace. Honestly. Go ahead Benji.
Benjamin B: Yeah, I just wanted to say that the 18th. I will just barely have set foot in the US for the Nvidia event. So I may to attend. I'm not sure how the shadow will look there. But either way I will help compile the numbers and everything so that you can go through everything.
Robert Del Rey: That's good, Thanks for the heads Really nice. That's the themedia GTC event, right?
Benjamin B: Yes.
Robert Del Rey: Awesome.
Robert Del Rey: we have a mission about at 10:00 one event that I cash is attending and you take a picture with their cash team. You post that picture on social media and you could earn some akt. That mission it's not public yet. But I'm curious do you believe we should open it up? Because we have that event happening and also on March we have. Cocoin There is qvcon happening as well. So do you think we should take advantage of those events happening or we should wait for the coming months and opening up the mission by them?
Benjamin B: Yeah, I think we can have it for almost all events. We just barely missed if Denver we would have two days for that one. And I don't think Nvidia GTC one is worth it because it's not a crypto event, so I don't really think. A course people will go there. I'm there with two members of the core team. But besides that I'm guessing there will be zero a coach participants, but I might
Robert Del Rey: All even if you take a picture with you, it's gonna count us as a cash team. Don't you say
Benjamin B: I mean there will be overclocked people so
Robert Del Rey: perhaps
Robert Del Rey: I'm not think about that. The good thing is that in case we Open up the mission. We're going to post it on Telegram and discourse. So people can be on the loop about that the really man, really cool. I wasn't aware you were going maybe you told me but I just forgot so good luck over there. And I guess that's great to jump on to the next topic on the agenda, which is the social media outreach and the social media posting and on Friday when the proposal passed I start bming good contacts. I have in the cosmos ecosystem. so we can get their support either by liking the tweet retweeting and sharing in their communities. I got a few people to respond, but I noticed that more than half couldn't respond because they were at eat Denver. It's a big event.
Robert Del Rey: And people are busy. So what I did is that when I noticed more than 10 people responding that they couldn't see it now because they were at East Denver. I just stopped with the Outreach and I will continue This week around Wednesday. I will start again outreaching to people. In the meantime, I will continue posting. I got some Tweets in draft that they will be posted automatically also a few scheduled messages on telegram. So to remind people I think also that the more we remind people that this is available and that this is running the better for this campaign because sometimes yeah, we can say hey this is just started and the hype of the first day people are gonna see the missions whatever but next week, they're gonna forget if we don't
Robert Del Rey: actively tell them that this is available and that this is for them. So that's why I'm putting this emphasis in this social media campaign as a social media, but it goes beyond social media because I also gonna post on telegram on this score and even WhatsApp that I have other crypto groups there too. Yeah, people are still use WhatsApp. so yeah, that's what I have for the Outreach campaign. I got a call with someone on Thursday to see if we can do a campaign together. Let's see how that's gonna look like. We are in the idealization phase now. and for Joe
00:30:00
Robert Del Rey: Let's see if we can come up with that Twitter spaces in a month. when we're about to close the March Sprint. We can do that Twitter space to see if we can get a few more people doing the missions before the month of March is closed on Sealy. And I also think that can be beneficial for both. because not everybody is on a cash Discord sadly. Some people like to get their info from Twitter. So, yeah, I guess it's gonna be beneficial for both parties. Again, we want as many people as we can get and since the proposal pass now the job is bring those developers as we promise in that proposal. 19th 22nd March doesn't work for me anyways.
Robert Del Rey: yeah. Yeah Benjamin you are at GTC Nvidia. You can still take some pictures and share them in the inside. I really want to see how a non crypto event look like. But that's what I had to say about the campaign Outreach and social media post. I'm gonna say this in the call. I'm reaching some people from some projects as specifically because they also have Sealy. So I'm thinking how we can have a joint campaign something like go to this community Sealy and they get a price in the other community or if you're coming from this other community to this community how we can reward those people.
Robert Del Rey: So yeah, just an idea trying to see again how we can get as many people as we can here. I'm not too stressed about it though because again We can try to bring a thousand people. But if none of them do submissions, it's the same as we do nothing, but I still need to bring the people in so they can do the missions. I guess what remains to think about is how we gonna motivate more people to do the missions. We have the tweets for that. We're going to have tutorial videos for that. So people know how they can go around this. And more to come again. I don't want to get too far ahead this campaign.
Robert Del Rey: Isn't more than a week all it's still super fresh out of the oven. So I guess we're gonna give time to time also, but don't stop working. We got to work a lot to make this happen now Rodrigo your turn Thanks for jumping in.
Rodrigo Rochin: And I was gonna say that Ready to help out with the tweets and marketing to bring more people on board. And just let me know how to help them. and raise up Because yeah,…
Robert Del Rey: appreciation and
Rodrigo Rochin: I know you're gonna I mean like you said, I mean, it's not many people commissions and we don't get new deaths or new users. it's like on the program doesn't do much but I said before it looks like there's more motivation and then even in telegram people are also asking about it. so I think it will work just That promoted.
Robert Del Rey: Yeah.
Robert Del Rey: Yeah, I'm in the domain me so happy honestly because unexpected. Let's see how we can capitalize on that how we can go ahead and make sure those people participate I guess that is what I'm gonna be thinking throughout the day and again Rodrigo. Thank you for your support if you see one question in the chat, and I have a respond. And you want to help us out with that feel free to do so if you have any doubts my DMs are always open for you and that to Savage escimen, that what else about sharing the tweets.
Rodrigo Rochin: It's easy now..
Robert Del Rey: What I'm gonna do is that each time that I post a tweet. I will go ahead and publish it in the city Channel and also the Insiders chat so we can get the support all the super weekend in amplifying these Also, we got sack Tyler told me that in case we need amplify from the cash to it just to mention sac and he will help us out. so yeah, I guess we're super ready to make this a super success more than the pilot. I don't know how you guys feel about it. Go ahead brother.
00:35:00
Rodrigo Rochin: I feel the same. from what I saw in telegram. Some people were kind of scared of connecting the wallet to see but Luna or someone already told him that it's safe and Shouldn't be a problem. And I don't think there's any problem there. but if you come up with a tutorial or something should definitely help maybe some people are not aware of in didn't think that most didn't know about it, but in Telegram some people would care about connecting wallets,…
Robert Del Rey: he
Rodrigo Rochin: which I totally understand but If we just tell them that they can create a new one without their funds that they don't want to lose. But again, we'll see he's safe.
Robert Del Rey: It's a thoroughly based concern honestly, and I wish Some things improve on silly but sadly to do what we are doing seal is one of the best platform in the market right now and it's free. There are two other platforms similar to Sealy, but they charge you a few thousands before you start using it. So, yeah, I wish it wasn't like that but that's how it is. But let me tell you I will send some message. Yes, letting people know that they don't have to connect their wallet. They can create a silly account using their Discord or they're not telegram they can use their Discord or…
Rodrigo Rochin: their email
Robert Del Rey: Twitter or an email if they want to so it's not mandatory to connect their wallet.
Rodrigo Rochin: Yeah.
Robert Del Rey: I would go ahead and send that message on telegram because you say It's what I've seen more questions about silly coming in surprisingly. I thought we were gonna have more questions on this course, but yeah, it's on telegram right now. So I guess it's gonna be a good reminder that one here that won't hurt.
Rodrigo Rochin: guessing and also and both to complete the missions, I mean cousin Seeley. We need metamask technique or Wally connect but for the missions, it's pepper and we're using definite The sandbox for most missions or no?
Robert Del Rey: we were talking about that before you jump in. We're gonna specify that people can do the missions on testnet or on mainet and those missions that we do need them to do them on mainnet. We're gonna specify that also. so yeah about your question How did you get paid by Sealy? Is it Sealy? No, silly just have this option that if you want to create an account, you can connect a wallet and you are gonna create an account.
Robert Del Rey: Using that wallet address but it's not silly that pays you how we did it in the last pilot is that we announced We've shared the list of winners just their usernames and we asked them to share the address they want to use to get paid and I manually sent those payments so they don't get paid through silly. There are missions that I can set them up When you're done, please enter your wallet address and you can enter your wallet address and this can be a different address from a wallet address that you might have used to connect to Sealy, but there are not Niche there are no missions like that. I believe we're gonna take the same approach as we did with the pilot. We're gonna let the community know who were the winners.
Robert Del Rey: And I'm gonna wait for the winners to reach out to me so I can pay out the rewards. I believe that's a safer way to go and again silly does not pay. I cannot go ahead and say silly. I have a thousand akt here for this campaign with a campaign is Make sure you pay it. Everybody know it doesn't work like that. We have to manually review the missions and after we run the missions the rewards are not paid out right away. You're gonna see on your profile that you want this mission. But you're gonna get paid when we paid out the reports. But yeah, it will be great if they take care of that but I guess it will be more dangerous also and imagine someone hacks silly. I guess the reason why city has been successful.
00:40:00
Robert Del Rey: In this sense is that they don't have any talking and they're not on a blockchain whatsoever. But when you add that token factor that blockchain factor, that susceptible for people want to hack whatever they want to hack. So I guess having the option it's good for now. Let's see what the future tell us later. We pay out testnet payments. I don't get the question We didn't do any kyc on the pilot I just confirmed the username was the same that we had on the platform and after they confirmed the username. I just paid them but we didn't do any kyc to pay out the rewards. I don't know if that should change since this is an official campaign.
Robert Del Rey: But again, this is not a campaign that is coming from overclock teams or from a cash team. This campaign is coming from the community. So I don't know if we should do kyc. Plus that's a bit expensive. I heard Rodrigo you go first and then we have Benji.
Rodrigo Rochin: Yeah, I left a little bit of connection before but yeah, like you said, I think Siri has been successful because they don't operate with pumped or their own boxing. Although when you sign up with wallet connector metamask you do sign a message. I'm not sure that could get hacked here. If it's dangerous in the long run. I also agree that maybe it's not necessary to do kyc for this and it's better to do what you guys have done during the pilot just manually checking everything and sending a cake tea afterwards.
Rodrigo Rochin: Yeah, but that looks like some people are scared about connecting metamask, which I totally understand. So just that I will also help to let them know that it's not necessary they can doing with this or email or
Rodrigo Rochin: he said yeah, that's what
Robert Del Rey: Good. Go ahead Benji.
Benjamin B: I wanted to say that as long as you're the one who manages the finances and I don't think we should be once controller went not to use kyc. I think that companies use it for a reason so they can track who they send money to. And if that's not relevant for you, no, I'm not sure how the taxes are in your country and Etc. You don't have to do it but It would be good to have just in case. But as long as it works for you. It works without keyword C adding kyc would also be another security. step so we wouldn't get this money people trying to create multiple accounts to win more Awards and such.
Robert Del Rey: I agree with you gentlemen's there was one instance during the pilot that I was a bit effective on one user because he signed up with an email. And his user on Discord didn't match on silly. so something happened. But how I was able to confirm that I was chatting with the person and that I send the rewards to the person is that I quickly created a mission confirm. You're a person something like that. and I send them the mission Can you do this mission right now? Let me know when you do it and I saw that he did it. And as soon as he did it I was able to confirm that. Okay, this is the person that is in control of this account.
Robert Del Rey: That was the biggest. One that I was concerned I was super unsure about pain that required. But after I confirm his identity I did it I did it. Other than that the other instance that we had abuse was and I say abuse for a lack of a better word because it was an abuse, but with this covered that two different people were using the same. Computer and we had to Benji figure that out. Majestically. It was really if it wasn't for you ji. Totally. I wouldn't have discovered that let's see what people come with for this campaign, but people are always gonna try to take advantage of things so we gotta be on top of that for sure.
00:45:00
Robert Del Rey: But yeah, I'm not too much worried about the abusing. Honestly. What I'm worried about is getting the people doing the missions, But yeah, that's what I have for today's guys. We will cover the price rebalancing. We're gonna specify The missions that you can do on maintenance and testnets the ones that you can do only on mainnet, we also heard from Benji how many people have joined Seeley how many people have done missions and how many people are getting rewards crazy first weekend and people already getting rewards, which is nice. Thanks Benjamin you for sharing those numbers. Remember the next silly working group call is gonna happen on Monday 18th exactly into weeks from now.
Robert Del Rey: And that this current Sprint ends on March 31st. until then to do all the missions you can during this Sprint. And lastly the messages on social media. We're going to remind people that they don't have to connect their wallet address. They don't. and that if they want to they can create an account only using an email which can be any this score or Twitter And I don't know if I miss anything, but if I did you guys let me know if I didn't miss anything. Thank you for your time So you want to see you right? See you in the group chats.
Rodrigo Rochin: Yeah, see you.
Benjamin B: Thank everyone.
Robert Del Rey: Thank you for joining right see you.
Rodrigo Rochin: for hosting
Robert Del Rey: Anytime man, bye-bye.
Rodrigo Rochin: right
Benjamin B: but
Meeting ended after 00:47:36 👋


